Updates to PreallocationEscrow and allocation CLI operations (#1480)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/guides/staking_guide.rst

can directly specify their beneficiary and staking contract addresses with the
``--beneficiary-address ADDRESS`` and ``--staking-address ADDRESS``, respectively.

> Finally, note that collected staking rewards always end up in the original

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, note that collected staking rewards are always placed in the original
```
